"My Lord, I must speak!"  said Wormtail, panic in his voice now.  "All through our journey I have gone over the plan in my head -- My Lord, Bertha Jorkin's disappearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if we proceed, if I murder --" 
"If?"  whispered the second voice.  "If?  If you follow the plan, Wormtail, the Ministry need never know that anyone else has died.  You will do it quietly and without fuss; I only wish that i could do it myself, but in my present condition...Come, Wormtail, one more death and our path to Harry Potter is clear.  I am not asking you to do it alone.  By that time, my faithful serant will have rejoined us --" 
"I am a faithful servant,"  said Wormtail, the merest trace of sullenness in his voice. 
"Wormtail, I need somebody with brains, somebody whose loyalty has never wavered, and you, unfortunately, fulfill neither requirement." 
"I found you," said Wormtail, and there was definitely a sulky edge to his voice now.  "I was the one who found you.  I brought you Bertha Jorkins." 
"That is true," said the second man, sounding amused.  "A stroke of brilliance I would not have thought possible from you, Wormtail -- though, if truth be told, you were not aware how useful she would be when you caught her, were you?" 
"I -- I thought she might be useful, My Lord --" 
"Liar," said the second voice again, the cruel amusement more pronounced than ever.  "However, I do not deny that her information was invaluable.  Without it, I could never have formed our plan, and for that, you will have your reward, Wormtail.  I will allow you to perform an essential task for me, one that many of my followers would give their right hands to perform..." 
"R-really, My Lord?  What -- ?"  Wormtail sounded terrified again. 
"Ah, Wormtail, you don't want me to spoil the surprise?  Your part will come at the very end...but I promise you, you will have the honor of being just as useful as Bertha Jorkins." 
"You...you..."  Wormtail's voice suddenly sounded hoarse, as though his mouth had gone very dry.  "You...are going...to kill me too?" 
"Wormtail, Wormtail," said the cold voice silkily, "why would I kill you?  I killed Bertha because I had to.  She was fit for nothing after my questioning, quite useless.  In any case, awkward questions would have been asked if she had gone back to the Ministry with the news that she had met you on her holidays.  Wizards who are supposed to be dead would do well not to run into Ministry of Magic witches at wayside inns..." 
